Change CONTRIBUTING.md to CNCF CLA (#318)
kubernetes/git-sync: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Welcome to Kubernetes! To learn more about contributing to the [Kubernetes code repo](README.md), check out the [Contributor's Guide](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/).

Reviewer: The link to the README as well as the mention of Kubernetes code repo does seems incorrect.
```suggestion
Welcome to git-sync a project within the Kubernetes ecosystem! To learn more about contributing check out the [general Contributor's Guide](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/).
```
